The NATO summit.
It's the annual meeting of the
world's most powerful alliance.
Sort of like if the Avengers
were extremely concerned
about steel tariffs.
And yesterday, the meeting
got off to a rocky start.
President Trump had
a testy exchange
with the president of France.
He called out Canada for not
pulling its weight financially.
And he demanded
that Germany stop pronouncing
their "W"s like "V"s.
"You're make 'Wienerschnitzel'
sound way less funny like that.
It's 'wiener,' not 'viener.'"
So Trump spent all day causing
chaos at the NATO summit. Right?
And then, later that day,
it lead to something
that nobody has seen before--
a bunch of world leaders
caught on camera
laughing at America's president
behind his back.
Breaking overnight.
A video that might just
drive the president crazy.
It appears to show the Canadian
prime minister, Justin Trudeau,
the French president,
Emmanuel Macron,
and British prime minister
Boris Johnson
laughing at how the president
conducted himself yesterday.
Watch this.
Man.
-(laughter)
-That... that video...
That video is amazing
for two reasons.
One-- it is crazy
that we were able
to hear a private conversation
between major world leaders.
Like, did they not know
this was happening?
And two-- that
when world leaders get together,
they are gossipy bitches
just like the rest of us.
-(laughter)
-Like...
(applause and cheering)
'Cause, like...
I thought... I thought
after meetings with Trump,
world leaders would be like,
(British accent):
"Okay, we need to go back
and draw up a new treaty."
Instead, they're out there like,
"What was he wearing?"
And the French guy is like,
"Oh, so he can't speak English.
"I mean, I don't speak English,
but he really can't
speak English!"
Yeah, it turns out
NATO is so catty,
they should get Andy Cohen
to host it.
That's what they should do.
And while most people thought
this video
of world leaders trashing Trump
was hilarious,
there was, uh, one person
who did not find it funny.
We got the president leaving
a testy NATO summit.
Leaders appear to be mocking him
behind the scenes,
and that was the last straw.
The president responding
right in front of the cameras.
Take a look.
(camera shutters clicking)
The president was scheduled
to have a press conference
before he left, but during
that bilateral meeting,
after he was asked about
this video that's going viral
of Trudeau that we played for
you, the president said: Well,
I don't think I'm going to have
the press conference now.
I think after
my bilateral meetings,
I'll just get on the plane
and head back home.
Yeah. In response
to what happened,
Trump called Trudeau "two-faced"
and announced that he
was leaving the summit early.
And you know what,
you know what,
to be fair, Trump's not wrong--
Justin Trudeau is two-faced.
He's got a white one
and a brown one.
-(laughter, groaning)
-And...
as for him going home,
as for Trump going home early,
guys...
I think they hurt his feelings.
(laughter)
Yeah. It's like... it's
like Trump was at a sleepover,
and all the other kids
turned on him.
You know? And now
he's just there like, "Mom,
I know it's a day early,
but can you come pick me up
from NATO?"
(laughter)
And look, man, I know a lot
of people don't like Trump,
but I don't care
who you are, man,
every single one of us
knows this feeling.
Huh? Finding out
all the cool kids at school
are laughing at you?
Hmm? And then you run home
all the way, crying.
And you know
when you're a kid and you cry,
you run with your arms dangling
by your sides.
(sobbing loudly)
(continues sobbing)
And for Trump,
the most hurtful thing
is probably the fact
that Boris Johnson joined in.
That's a shitty thing.
That's shitty, Boris.
-(cheering, applause)
-That's a shitty move, Boris.
That's your friend!
You know who Boris is?
Boris is that one kid
you think is your real friend,
and then you see him over there
trying to fit in
with everyone else,
telling them
your deepest secrets.
"Oh, and also, Donald told me
he pees the bed."
(like Trump): I told you that
in confidence, Boris!
So shitty.
So President... President Trump
was clearly hurt
by what happened, and he decided
to head home early.
But before he left,
before he left,
he tried to get back
at all these other dudes
by making some new friends.
NEWSMAN:
From the Merkel meeting,
President Trump has got lunch
with a select group
of NATO nations--
what President Trump calls
the "two percenters."
That's a group
of eight other nations
that are spending two percent
of their GDP on defense.
They include Bulgaria, Greece,
Britain, Estonia, Romania,
Lithuania, Latvia
and Poland.
Okay, this is
just embarrassing now.
Trump's rolling with Romania,
Lithuania and Latvia
because of what happened?
It's almost like
the popular kids dropped him,
and now he's eating lunch
at the loser table.
And they're
probably really nice.
They're like,
"Don't be sad, Donald.
"You can have some
of my horse tongue.
It's boiled and pickled."
(like Trump):
Get away.
So look, man, clearly NATO did
not go well for Donald Trump.
And I'll be honest,
I don't blame The Donald
for flying home early.
Mr. President,
you shouldn't be in a place
where people are gonna laugh
at you behind your back.
You get on Air Force One,
and you fly straight back home,
where we promise that we
will laugh at you to your face.
(laughter, cheering, applause)